 

Tony Stark 
Pune, India 
Email – tony.stark85@gmail.com 
Mobile – 9899999999 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
A Software Professional having over 11+ years of experience in IT industry and has 
worked on Java/JEE platform extensively. I had also worked for 1 year at client 
location in India. I have worked in various phases of SDLC such as Requirements and 
Analysis, Design, Developement, Testing and Delivery. Domain knowledge includes 
Telecom and finance.Have good knowledge in Agile delivery framework as well. 

SKILLS 
 
Technologies :-  

Tools:- 

Java,Spring 

Core 
SpringMVC,SpringAOP,SpringBoot,SpringDataJPA,Hibernate,SO
AP Webservice,Jenkins,Maven,Agile and Openshift. 
Eclipse,  IntelliJ,  IBM  RAD,  SQL  Developer,  IBM  DB2  client, 
POSTMAN, SOAP-UI. 
IBM DB2, Oracle DB,MySql, Kafka 
Begineer’s skill level in Python and Hadoop 

- 

Database:- 
Other:- 
Operating System:-  Windows, Unix 

 
 

Education: 
 
B.E. (I.T.) from Pune University. – June2007 
 

•  H.S.C. from Nasik Board, Maharashtra. – June 2002 
•  S.S.C. from Nasik Board, Maharashtra. – June 2000 

 
Training and Certification 

Java-J2EE 6 months Training Program from NIIT, Pune, India. 

• 
•  Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP 1.5). 
•  Big Data/Hadoop training course from ETLHive institute, Pune. 

 
Awards Achievements 

•  ACE (Accenture Excellenace Award) for the Oct- December 2019 quarter. 
•  Pat on Back award for Vodafone CPOS project for year 2011. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE: 
 
Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Lead Developer / Team Lead 
Duration: May 2013 to Present 
 
iGATE (PataniComputer) 
Designation: Senior Software Engineer 
Duration:Feb 2011 to May 2013 
 
Smart Wireless private Ltd., Pune 
Designation: Software Engineer 
Duration:Dec 2009 to Jan 2011 
 
Infonox Software Ltd. currently known as TSYS 
Designation: SoftwareAssociate 
Duration: April 2008 to Feb 2009 

 

 

Title 

:ICR 

: Accenture 

:Lead Developer/Team Lead 
:May 2016Till Present 

Project Details 
 
Employer  
Client  : Anthem Healthcare,USA 
Role          
Duration 
 
Project Description: 
ICR or Interactive Care Reviewer is a platform for health insurance client to setup a patient 
case paper, submit it to authorized agency for validation and catch and reflect the decisions 
for an every case created on its platform.  
Initially Accenture a developed a monolith web applicationsonly. Later our team transformed it 
by breking it into multiple spring boot micro services. Monolith web application then has basic 
functionalitiessuch as setup/create patient case, search patient case, delete caseetc. whereas 
each of the micro service built with specific business process/functionality keeping in mind the 
client’s healthcare business. 
 
Responsibilities: 

• 

Preparing technical design documents with few UML diagrams like class diag, sequence 
diag etc. 
Taking part in Spring planning, Spring Review meetings. 

• 
●  Write clean, high-quality code. 
●  Coordinate with onshore team and client business peoples. 
●  Handle a scrum team to perform end to end delivery. 

 

 

 

Title 

: Accenture 

:OSS NGxDSL for HT 

Technologies used in project:  
JDK 1.8, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Spring Boot, Spring Data JPAand SOAP web services, IBM 
db2 and mongo DB. 
Tools - GIT, bitbucket, Jira,docker, Openshift, Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite. 
 
 
Employer  
Client  : Hawaii Telecom, USA 
:Senior Developer 
Role          
Duration 
:Sep 2015 to May2016 
 
The NG xDSL Bonding Project is an effort to enable higher High speed internet to customers 
who can only be served via copper lines and not fiber lines. The customer who has broadband 
connection and serving a basic speed product could demand a high speed product. As client is 
serving them over a single copper wire it is not possible to accommodate higher speed product 
on it. So there is a solution proposed in which client is ready to drop a another copper wire to 
the  customer  premise  and  then  a  pair  of  copper  wire  could  accommodate  higher  speed 
products for broadband connection. There are 2 parts of the solution, one is known as iPlanet 
which is act as a Inventory of all the logical resources like ports and circuit ids. And second is 
NetIQ LoopQual which is responsible for looking into the iPlanet inventory to find out if there 
are  enough  resources  available  in  order  to  provide  a  second  copper  wire  to  the  customer 
premises. 
 
Responsibilities: 

•  Contributed as a independent developer.as rest of the team was in onshore. 
• 

interaction  with  onshore/business  people  to  understand 

includes  regular 

It 
requirements 
 

Technology Stack : Core Java, Spring MVC, Spring security, Spring Data JPA, Oracle DB,  
Tools :- SVN, Jenkin, IntelliJ, Maven. 
 
 
 

 

 

Title 

: Accenture 

:MSAGS for HT 

:Senior/Lead Developer 
:May 2013 to August2015 

 
 
Employer  
Client  : Hawaii Telecom, USA 
Role          
Duration 
 
MSAGS stands for Master Service Address Golden Source. This system was developed to take 
care  of  client's  business  customer's  large  volumn  of  addresses.  It  is  possible  that  single 
customer may have multiple versions of his/her address. Using MSAGS application, now it is 
much  more  easy  for  our  client  to  find  out  the  most  valid  form  of  address  for  a  particular 
customer.  System  has  provided  number  of  operations  like  Create  Address,  Edit  Address, 
Delete single or multiple addresses at a time, import bulk addresses at a time using Excel file, 
search addresses using any of the address attributes. Other than these, system has provided 
some  admin  level  of  operations  like  create/update/delete  master  attributes  of  the  address, 
create/view status of the batch job etc.  
 
TechnologyStack–Core  Java,  Spring  MVC,  Spring  Security,  Spring  Data  JPA,  Spring  Batch 
Jobs, SOAP Web Services, Angular JS,Oracle DB. 
 
Responsibilities: 

Prepare DB design and create table, views, indexes. 

•  Analysis of the Requirement design document. 
• 
●  Write clean, high-quality code. 
●  Take care of deployment using Jenkins pipeline. 
●  Coordinate with onshore team and client business peoples. 
●  Helpjunior team to perform maintenance and support operations. 

 
 
Employer  
Client  : Vodafone India 
Role          
Duration 
 

:SeniorSoftware Developer 
:June 2012 to April2013 

:iGate-Patani Computer 

 

 

Title 

:UPSS for Vodafone 

UPSS  is  developed  to  take  care  of  prepaid  telecom business  of  Vodafone.  It  is  come  under  BSS(Business 
 
Support  System)  application  category.  It  is  also  unified  in  nature  which  has  replaced  discrete  prepaid 
business  solutions  of  different  vendors  which  were  later  acquired  by  Vodafone.  This  application  has 
developed  in  various  modules  such  as  customer  management,  provisioning,  mediation,  promotion,  billing 
and  reports.  It  is  mainly used  SOA arhitecture  (SOAP  based Web Services), FTP protocol  to  communicate 
with the Intelligent networks.  
 
Technology Stack - Core java, JSP, Servlets, Struts, Hibernate, SOAP Webservices, EJB, Oracle DB.  
Tools :- RAD, Webspehre, SVN 
 
Employer  
Client  : Vodafone India 
Role          
Duration 

:Software Developer 
:Feb 2011 to April2012 

:iGate-Patani Computer 

:cPOS for Vodafone 

Title 

 

 

 

 

 

Title 

:Smart Wireless Pvt Ltd 

:PacsoftMessanging Application 

:Software Developer 
:Dec 2009 to Jan2011 

This project is for creating centralized point of sale solution for a leading telecom client Vodafone. cPOS is a 
 
centralised  solution  which  is  replacing  existing  mutiple  disparate  POS  solutions  based  on  different 
technology. The solution (application) is based on SOA architecture where different parts of functionality has 
implemented as services and process implementaion is done using process server. The solution is divided 
into  functional  modules as  inventory,  sales and Customer  Registration  System(CRS) and Prepaid-Postpaid 
sim activation.  
 
Technology  Stack  -  Core  Java,  JSP,  Servlets,  Struts,  Spring  Batch  Job,  Spring  JDBC,  JMS,  EJB,  SOAP 
webservices and oracle DB. 
Role:- Requirement analysis and developement of new CR(change request), new functionality. Developing 
the  required  DB  structure  for  the  new  developement/CR.  Unit  testing  of  the  developed  functionality. 
Involving in bug fixes for the issues reported. 
 
 
 
 
Employer  
Client  : Pacsoft India 
Role          
Duration 
 
This system is developed to accomplish the complete messaging plateform for the client. Main project client 
has many numbers of agents in the various states of India. With  user interface, every agent user can use 
single  sms  and  bulk  sms  feature  of  the  system.  Application  also  has  provided  the  new  agent  addition, 
modification  and  deletion  functionality.  Agents  can  maintain/recharge  his/her  account  using  'My  Account' 
feature.  For  tracking  the  business  different  types  of  reports  are  provided  to  the  clients.  Dashboard  is 
developed to monitor the SMS traffic. Front end is developed using flex to generate rich GUI. All business 
logic is developed using java web services and these Web services are developed using Apache Axis tool. 
 
Technology Stack - Core Java, JSP, Servlets, Struts, SOAP web services,Ajax, SQL, Hibernate, MySQL DB.  
 
Employer  
Client  : Pacsoft India 
Role          
Duration 
 
This project is for creating a Point Of Sale solution for a leading bank in USA. This bank has provided it's 
kiosk in various malls and other crowded areas. The solution is divided into 3 main functional modules as 
sales, inventory and CRS. This system has various functionalities like create sale receipt, customer receipt, 
payment by using different cards, generation of invoice and other finance domain related things. In admin 
module  we  have provides  different  features  to  control  the application by the  client  such as managing the 
personal details of all employees, updation, deletion of the details.  
 
Technology Stack - Core java, Struts, JSP, Servlets, Ajax, Oracle DB and Tomcat.  

:Software Developer 
:April 2008 to Jan2009 

:Infonox Software Pvt Ltd 

:Desktop One 

Title 

 

 

 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place:  Pune 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

Tony Stark 

